feat: improve contributor experience (#481)
loft-sh/vcluster-docs: CONTRIBUTING.md

This docs website is built using [Docusaurus](https://docusaurus.io/) v3, a modern
static website generator.

> ### Quick Start with DevPod

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Quick start for contributing with DevPod
```

or 

```suggestion
### Quick start for contributing using DevPod
```

> The fastest way to start contributing is to use DevPod, which sets up a complete development environment for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Start contributing quickly by using DevPod, which automatically sets up a complete development environment for you.
```

or 

```suggestion
Use DevPod to quickly set up a complete development environment and start contributing.
```

> 1. First, [install DevPod](https://devpod.sh/docs/getting-started/install) for your operating system

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [Install DevPod](https://devpod.sh/docs/getting-started/install) for your operating system.
```

2. Once installed, click the link below to open this repository in DevPod:

[![Open in DevPod](https://devpod.sh/assets/open-in-devpod.svg)](https://devpod.sh/open#https://github.com/loft-sh/vcluster-docs)

This will automatically set up all dependencies and configurations needed for working on the documentation, including:

- Node.js and npm for running the development server

> - Vale linter for documentation style and grammar checking

Reviewer: for parallelism

```suggestion
- The Vale linter for checking documentation style and grammar
```

VSCode and Neovim have `vale` plugins that can be installed to lint files as
you write them.

> [!NOTE]

> > If you're using DevPod with the "Open in DevPod" link above, Vale and the VS Code extension 

Reviewer: I think minor tweak (to remove gerund and excess verbiage) ...

If you use DevPod with the "Open in DevPod" link above, Vale and the VS Code extension are automatically installed and configured.

> are automatically installed and configured for you!

> - VSCode [vale plugin](https://github.com/errata-ai/vale-vscode).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- VS Code [Vale plugin](https://github.com/errata-ai/vale-vscode).
```

> - Neovim Setup:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Neovim setup:
```
